hey guys welcome back to episode 3 of
wedding least kitchen
three new comments in my previous video
and a lot of you wanted this recipe and
I made this recipe before on my blog
channel and ever since then you guys
have been asking for it and also I saw
some comments that you guys wanted like
a vegetarian dish this is not a
vegetarian because I did put chicken in
it but if you want to have it vegetarian
style just take out the chicken this
recipe is super easy to make it's
probably the easiest one you will see
ever it takes about 20 minutes including
prep and cook time well 25 what I'm
making today is called Mapo tofu and I'm
using this sauce package right here as I
said in my previous video basically
every one of these recipes in this
series is going to be really easy you
can definitely make this from scratch
but I'm just using the packet sauce
because this tastes so good it's just a
lot faster to make in Chinese this is
cod Mapo tofu which is a very popular
try this dish it's popular I don't know
most like children and older people
older people seniors if you're Chinese
or you grew up in an Asian family you've
probably had this before it it's just a
very safe dish for almost everyone you
can either buy it in the milder version
or the hot version but this is the
spiciest it gets and I don't even think
it's that spicy sea and you can handle a
bag of hot cheetos you can handle this
actually this is not even as spicy as a
bag Macchio's so like I said this recipe
is super easy island with no wine making
a tutorial on it because the
instructions are just on the back of
this box it's so simple it will take you
20 to 25 minutes to prepare and bake
let me know in the comments if you guys
do decide to try out this recipe and
let's get started
[Music]
so for Mapo tofu you're actually
supposed to use silky tofu but this is
the one I have and I didn't want to go
out and buy another pack of tofu so I'm
using firm which is fine you can use it
too but traditionally it's cooked with
silk tofu it really depends how much you
want to use I'm gonna use the whole
block today because I want some
leftovers and now it's really up to you
how you want to cut your tofu I like to
have them in little cubes the thing I
like about firm tofu is that it's much
easier to cut but still tofu I'm like
you don't wanna break it
[Music]
and now I'm just gonna cut up the green
onion into little dices this is
basically just for garnishing it doesn't
really taste like anything when you put
it in the tofu but I just like to use it
to garnish and now just cut your onion
this is just for the chicken so you need
a really tiny bit I'm just gonna use
about that much and dice it
[Music]
for the ground chicken you can use
ground pork ground beef it's up to you
but I love chicken so I'm gonna use
chicken and you're gonna want to use a
big knife like this if you don't then I
would suggest you go get one because you
can use these but these just aren't the
best for like grounding meat or if you
have a food processor use that so to
make it a little easier for myself I'm
just gonna cut them into small pieces
first and then if you live in an
apartment this is not apartment friendly
but it's okay don't worry about the
neighbors
[Music]
here's my second fillet I'm just gonna
put it in this bowl and go marinate it
so marinating this is super simple you
don't even have to do it but I like to
do it just because I want my chicken to
have a little flavor I'm just using some
garlic salt onion powder and black
pepper after you have that just mix it
together with your spoon or you can use
your hands
[Music]
it's time to cook the chicken add a
little bit of oil put your onions in and
turn on your fan
just adding your chicken okay now that
your chicken is soft just set it aside
on a plate
[Music]
time to cook the tofu
oily oily just add in your sauce the
tofu comes in a packet like this kind of
like hamburger helpers and you're just
going to rip it open and ask the whole
packet
right now I'm using firm tofu so it's
not gonna break them easily but if
you're using silk tofu just be very
gentle because you don't want to break
your tofu and my way of cooking this is
to scoop from underneath that way you're
not stabbing and breaking any of the
tofu so go from underneath and liquid
like your dirty underwear my chicken
for green onions you want to wait till
the last minute because they cook really
fast so just wait till the end and throw
those into garnish so it's pretty much
ready I'm gonna add my green onions
and it's ready just turn off the stove
and put this on a bowl
all right guys thank you so much for
watching this episode and if you guys do
decide to recreate any of my recipes
please use the hashtag cook for mom and
Whaley to show me your pictures I would
love to see them and comment them don't
forget to check out my previous two
episodes which I will link right here
for you guys and that's it let me know
in the comments if you guys have any
requests you would like me to make for
you and I will see you guys in my next
one hey I just landed and surprisingly I
just realized that I haven't been
getting planes